README.rst, before:

==================================
collective.easyformplugin.createdx
==================================

Create dexterity objects from easyform submissions

Features
--------

- Easyform action to create dexterity items
- Converters to meet the target fields requirements for example a data_handler
  to add timezone info to be able to create events.


Documentation
-------------

- Install the addon within your Plone site
- From the actions menu choose edit actions and add a new action
  "Create dexterity content"
- Choose a location where the items should be create
- Choose the desired content type
- Map your form field ids to the item field ids and add converters as needed


Available converters
--------------------

- plaintext_to_intellitext: converts plain text to html,
- datetime_with_timezone: adds portal default timezone to datetime,



Mapping 
-------

Field mapping format: "formFieldId itemFieldId:fieldtype"
Make sure you have at least the title mapping defined, because it will also be used to create the id of the item!

Example::

    topic title
    comments text:plaintext_to_intellitext
    event_start start:datetime_with_timezone


Note
----

There have been zodb transaction issues, turn off versioning for easyform as a workaround.

Contribute
----------

- Issue Tracker: https://github.com/collective/collective.easyformplugin.createdx/issues
- Source Code: https://github.com/collective/collective.easyformplugin.createdx
- Documentation: https://docs.plone.org/foo/bar


Support
-------

If you are having issues, please let us know on the issue tracker.


License
-------

The project is licensed under the GPLv2.

Commit message:

Add converter for fileupload to namedblobfile

README.rst, after:

==================================
collective.easyformplugin.createdx
==================================

Create dexterity objects from easyform submissions

Features
--------

- Easyform action to create dexterity items
- Converters to meet the target fields requirements for example a data_handler
  to add timezone info to be able to create events.


Documentation
-------------

- Install the addon within your Plone site
- From the actions menu choose edit actions and add a new action
  "Create dexterity content"
- Choose a location where the items should be create
- Choose the desired content type
- Map your form field ids to the item field ids and add converters as needed


Available converters
--------------------

- plaintext_to_intellitext: converts plain text to html,
- datetime_with_timezone: adds portal default timezone to datetime,
- file_converter: takes a fileupload and converts it to a named blob file,



Mapping
-------

Field mapping format: "formFieldId itemFieldId:fieldtype"
Make sure you have at least the title mapping defined, because it will also be used to create the id of the item!

Example::

    topic title
    comments text:plaintext_to_intellitext
    event_start start:datetime_with_timezone
    video_upload file:fileupload_converter


Note
----

There have been zodb transaction issues, turn off versioning for easyform as a workaround.

Contribute
----------

- Issue Tracker: https://github.com/collective/collective.easyformplugin.createdx/issues
- Source Code: https://github.com/collective/collective.easyformplugin.createdx
- Documentation: https://docs.plone.org/foo/bar


Support
-------

If you are having issues, please let us know on the issue tracker.


License
-------

The project is licensed under the GPLv2.
